I'd love to do scraps and bits and
pieces occasionally we really do get a
painting that doesn't deserve to be kept
and it really needs to be worked with in
ways that just don't seem to appeal to
all of us but but what I'll do is I will
grab and save pictures and parts of
paintings little bits little things that
appeal to me again protecting what I
love reusing it and making it happen
again and again I will continue to build
and make little collages just spend some
time seeing what might be if I add bits
and pieces together this happens to be a
paint sample from one of those stores
they're kind enough to share them with
us but it's a good way to practice to
see how how you might create something a
little interesting out of things that
just happen to be normally trash as a
matter of fact when I was in New York
City recently I found some posters and
an advertisement sitted we're peeling
off of a board I grabbed some of that
and I think that will someday make a
beautiful collage bit as well but when
I'm tired and when I'm trying to realize
what's going on or trying to improve a
painting I might spend a little time
together just arranging and rearranging
parts and pieces bits of material that
start to help me see life in a fresh way
or perhaps design in a new and different
way things that were found in the trash
pile or maybe when I was walking my dog
become parts and bits of what might be a
collage that will someday adorn
someone's wall so I encourage you to
continue to gather things keep them in
little envelopes I have Ziploc bags and
tiny crystal glass bags that I gather
things
together in and then literally put them
and play with them to practice my design
sense every time I do this you'd come up
with a different design I'll take my
cell phone or my camera take a picture
of it it will remind me and then I'll
put it back in the bag and try again
another day it's a great exercise and
seeing what kind of design you might
come up with with just a few scraps and
bits of paper it also refreshes your
mind and gives you a new way to see and
look at things collage is a great way to
play enjoy
you